added correct link, added letter a (#7276)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/add-users/set-password-to-never-expire.md

## Before you begin

> This article is for people who set password expiration policy for a business, school, or nonprofit. To complete these steps, you need to sign in with your Microsoft 365 admin account. [Overview of the Microsoft 365 admin center](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/admin/admin-overview/admin-center-overview?view=o365-worldwide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article is for people who set password expiration policy for a business, school, or nonprofit. To complete these steps, you need to sign in with your Microsoft 365 admin account. See [Overview of the Microsoft 365 admin center](/microsoft-365/admin/admin-overview/admin-center-overview?view=o365-worldwide).
```
